Environment docs (#303)
OctoMind-dev/mintlify-docs: environments.mdx

site functions as expected. With environment support, you can configure testing to match specific deployment settings
and validate changes across different stages.

Environments provide a structured way to:

- Isolate configurations for different deployments (e.g., development, staging, production).
- Customize testing settings specific to each deployment (e.g. user credentials, etc.).
- Perform targeted tests and debugging without interfering with production data or workflows.

After creating a project, Octomind Provides you with the default environment, with the url you provided during setup.
Also it shows the username and password you provided if you got the login test detection.

# Creating an Additional Environment

To add another environment, go to your project settings and open the Environments tab.
There, select the `Add New Environment`.

<Frame caption="Example of environment screen, 10/2024">
  <img
    src="/images/advanced/environments.png"
    alt="Example of environment screen, 10/2024"
  />
</Frame>

In the new environment setup:

1. Name the Environment – Give a unique name to differentiate it from others.

> 2. Set the Target URL – Specify the URL where the tests will run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Set the Target URL – Specify the URL which describes the "default" deployment of this environment - you can still override the URL at runtime.
```
